And now, let's have an overview of the dataset we are going to use
across the course to learn exploratory data analysis.
The dataset is a well‑known dataset in the internet called Ames housing dataset.
You can find it in the exercise files.
It has more than 2900 rows and more than 80 columns.
It is indeed a rich dataset and optimal for data analysis exercises. The
dataset contains different types of data, such as ordinal and categorical
data. More on data types in the upcoming modules.
The dataset is originally used for sale price
forecasting machine learning problem.
Finally, a metadata file is attached that describes each column in the dataset, if you are interested to know the details.